Yeah, this could be really tough. Um, you know, sometimes it's really
hard to tell. And I will say at the outset, graduate school is hard.
There's a reason that not everyone is walking around with a graduate
degree. It's because it's tough. And so I myself, even though now
I look back on it and I really feel very fortunate that I went to the
program, that I went thio, that I worked with the people that I worked
with. Um, there were still times during that process or where I
was like, I have made a huge mistake. I have. This is a disaster. I
have totally gone down the wrong road here. So I think that, you know,
having those moments of self doubt and and feeling like I made the
wrong choice. That's very normal. Now, if you're feeling that way
all the time for long periods of time, then yeah, you might want to
pay attention to that and, you know, and that's where my second piece
of advice comes in. Which is that if you have really determined that
this is not the right place for you to be, stop walk away, quit
and walk away. Do not stay and spend mawr of your time and money in
a program where you are incredibly unhappy or don't feel that it is
serving you. You are not doing anybody any favors by doing that, least
of all yourself. But, you know, having those times of doubt, I think,
is very normal in a process like graduate school, where it's just
it's really tiring. It's very stressful. You know, you're gonna feel,
really, you know, type stress out all the time, and it's very easy
to feel like you've made the wrong choice. Um, you know, if you're
feeling that way, take a break. See if you can take, like, a week
off, or maybe just a couple days off to kind of catch your breath and
sit for a second with yourself. And if you feel better than chances
are, you're probably just kind of feeling really overstressed, Um,
but if you don't feel better than that may be a sign that this is
not the right path for you anymore.